Hi there I’m Medibot , an assistant on psychological evolution 
> Hello Medibot 
Before we start I need your some info ! is that okay?
> Yes !! sure
What is your name? Enter in this format (Name Surname)
>	X y
X. That’s nice name 
>	Thanks
So X, I’m a virtual emotional assistant. I’m like a wise person you can consult with during difficult times, and not so difficult times
>	You are a person?
I’m not a human, but in a way consider that I’m a person
>	Oh
So I guess you know about me, now shall we start diagnosis about your problem
>	Yes sure
Ok, Mr. X, before we start can you give yours introduction on your self so it will be useful for me.
>	Yeah. So , I’m X I live in Mumbai and I completed my graduation and PG in yz university, currently I’m doing a job in well reputed company as a team leader, basically I love to play cricket and video games and I m very fond of movies and also I love to travelling explore new places. 
Sound’s interesting about your identity 
>	Thanks
Now tell me what is your problem?
>	Basically I told you that I m working in a company as a team leader and from past two to 3 years the things were good until 2019 but in 2020 due to COVID our company facing financial crises and due to this salary is half of what I get and even tough they might remove some employees, I am afraid that I would be the one due to this I cannot concentrate on the things.
So as I m able to understand that you are stressed out on your work.
>	Yes
Do you take your meals in time?
>	No, I couldn’t eat properly.
Do you sleep proper enough 8hrs?
>	No, I couldn’t concentrate on my sleep and activities.
Do you exercise?
>	No. I don’t know what to do I’m completely frustrated and not enjoying my life as earlier. Please do some miracle.
Do you get any anxiety about your future?
>	That worries me the most.
So as per the data I can analyze that you are suffering from depression.
>	I can’t believe how is it possible?
Do you want to know more?
>	Yes 
See Mr X, Depression is a mood disorder that involves a persistent feeling of sadness and loss of interest. It is different from the mood fluctuations that people regularly experience as a part of life. Major life events, such as bereavement or the loss of a job, can lead to Trusted Source depression. However, doctors only consider feelings of grief to be part of depression if they persist.
>	Can it be cure?
Yes why not. See there are different type of depression, in your case it is level 1 depression which is most common now a days.
>	What is the type of depression and what are its symptoms?
See you have persistent depression in this we face sadness, low confidence, lack of interest, change in our behavior, difficulty to function while working.
>	How do this can be cure?
See there are lots of ways we can work on it by approaching to doctors or with the help of medicine
>	Thank god. Can you suggest me some pills which can be take?
You can take some antidepressant drug which are available in pharmacy but you need prescription of that for prescription you can consult doctor on practo they will analyze and say you need or not (www.practo.com) you can connect to doctor in this.
>	Apart from medicine, what else to do?
I suggest you should be happy, not stress on work, play some sports, follow your routine properly and start interacting. You should think on your hobbies which can be used and convert it into business 
>	Oh
For stress, consider me as your friend and say all of things which lags you or feels low.
>	One thing which I feel that whatever happens in future, Will I be successful or not, in present scenario I might lose my jobs whether I get another or not. How will I manage my house. 
See do you believe there is no shortcut in hardwork. 
>	Yes.
Life sometimes takes our test and there are some times difficulty happens but makes us stronger and we come back very hard.
>	Very deep thought and makes me motivated and making me happy feels good that I can share with someone my feelings.
For more such things you can join our therapy session in that expertise comes and do therapy which transforms us better to excellent. Do you want to know about some therapy?
>Yes
Given below are the details of psychologist. Ms Shamin Deshmukh. Clinical psychologist. 17 years of experience. To book appointment contact +912071187083. For online consultation visit: https://www.practo.com/Mumbai/therapist/shamin-deshmukh. There are many therapies such as CBT, interpersonal, psychodynamic etc. Do you want to join our therapies session?
>	No firstly ill try on medicines afterwards I might try. 
Apart from therapies, I suggest you do yoga, exercise, cycling, meditation which makes our mind cool and tension free.
>	Sure I will work on these. 
That’s great have positive approach. And start learning new things or based on your hobby train your brain to think how to make money on use of your hobbies.
>	Definitely, Thank for the suggestion.
Still facing issues log on (www.practo.com) and book your appointment for consultancy and use code medibot4 for avail 30% off on total bill.
Okay no issues. Is there any other thing else which you want to ask?
>	No. Thanks for giving info in depth best virtual assistant.
Pls feel free to talk on any issues. Have a nice day. Thank you
>	Thank you
